hey guys and welcome back to our Dalek
art and in this episode I'm going to
show you how to draw your very own My
Little Pony well
not the kind of My Little Pony that
you're thinking now the original My
Little Pony and not even the ones that
came out in the 1980s which was the
original Hasbro My Little Pony I mean
like a real pony like Shetland like a
real horse like kind of horse yeah let's
draw one of those horses dogs cats and
Dragons are the top requested video
subjects for this channel and and so I
love doing them but I've never done a
pony before well I've done a couple of
My Little Pony Hasbro My Little Pony
videos but haven't been an actual pony
so I thought let's go super pony ish and
I wouldn't looked at some reference
photos of ponies and found one that is
absolutely adorable so I'm actually
gonna put the reference photo of the
pony that I was looking at Bamber right
here so you guys can take a peek at that
so he's super cute he's like probably no
legs so let's take this dry and change
that into kind of a cartoon character
Pony of our own so let's start off with
our head circles here I'm gonna start
off with one circle here for the head
and then a smaller circle for the muzzle
so it's gonna kind of make this rounded
triangle shape right here and that's for
his little head so his ears are gonna go
up here and as I right there but we'll
get into that in detail in a minute and
then we're gonna start with nice large
circle for his shoulders and I'm not
gonna give him a really big long neck I
want him to be shortened kind of stubby
a little bit so nice big chest
comparison nice thick neck and then I'm
gonna give him just a really big belly
and then another circle for his rump
he's just going to be a round roly-poly
little pony
and you can see I'm drawing really
loosely I'm not worried about that
perfect line for line drawing here so if
your lines are not coming up exactly
like mine that's okay because my lines
are just kind of all over the place all
right and then I'm going to go ahead and
put his legs in here so his legs start
up here with the shoulder come down and
almost immediately as they come off of
here his kneecaps don't I would love to
see a picture of this Pony walking so
cute so it has a little leg here but
he's just so short and stubby there's
his knee and then comes right into this
tiny little hoof right here and then
here's another one and you'll see when
I'm drawing this that this back leg here
I'm not drawing these hoofs on the same
level line see here's this line here and
this one here because as things get
farther away from you and your drawing
you're gonna draw them higher up on the
paper so this leg here because I want to
push it back a little bit I'm going to
have it end a little bit higher so it's
gonna be just a little bit smaller so
that I can end it a little bit higher on
the paper then we have is rolling a
pulley a little belly and that his back
leg so here's his back hips coming down
here to his knee coming back to the back
part of his leg coming down and I get I
want this light to be on this line here
so the cute little tiny line hoof right
there
and then I went this this last leg here
to be on this line here so I'm gonna
start off with this hoof there and that
will help me to know between here and
here I've got to get that and draw it in
there so boom there's the other part of
his little leg right there then I'm
gonna put it in his tail and I had a lot
of people requesting um how do I draw on
horse tails I did a tutorial are several
tutorials on drawing forced Mane's and
it works the same method works for tails
you're going to draw these out as the
actual shape so he's got a nice long
fluffy tail and then over here you're
going to put in his mane and this Mane
is just nice and shaggy
and that's where the kind of the fun of
this cartoon could be is just really
getting this really nice and Shaggy way
down here and then his forelock which is
the hair that comes out between his ears
and I'm gonna have this be super long
and shaky and I'm covering up his eyes
so you can't even see his eyes and just
have these tiny little gears poking out
there's one there's two
he's just a shade up Pony apart and some
shiny little hair right in there so once
you have everything drawn out the way
that you want it um you can go ahead and
finish it up you can clean it up make
your lines all clean um or you can go
ahead and take a pin and begin to ink
him in that's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna have a 0-1 micron pan here and I'm
just gonna go ahead and ink him in
really quickly here
when I get into inking in his fur
because I really want that nice shaggy
look I'm not going to draw a line I'm
gonna draw wisps coming and kind of
connect them a little bit but the wisps
are gonna represent kind of the
shakiness of his little fur go into his
little muzzle right there
cute little nostril and again there's
underbelly here just wisps coming down
okay and then I'm just gonna add just a
couple little texture lines around him
just to kind of give him just a little
bit of texture a little bit of shading
down here push that leg back shading on
this one to push that leg back a little
bit of shading underneath his mane
remember anywhere you add some dark it's
gonna push that back so once you have
your Pony the way you like him and he's
linked in give it a couple of minutes to
dry otherwise you might smear your ink
but when you think it's dried enough go
ahead and take care of racer and erase
the lines you don't need anymore I'm
gonna use some horizontal lines well
side to side lines just to kind of give
a little shadow underneath him so he's
not a little flying is his pony with no
wings though that would be stinking
adorable to put some Keita Pegasus wings
on him so hey I did this once before I
do a really cute little turtle and then
I challenged you guys to make a little
baby teenage me in Ninja Turtle well if
you guys draw this cute little Shetland
pony I have a challenge to make him
either a little unicorn pony or a
Pegasus pony or even better an alicorn
pony but keep him still his short
Keith's fuzzy little self and send me a
picture you can send it to my Facebook
page or Instagram or I love getting them
in the mail so I have my peel box
information down below of course you
could also make him Justin first pony so
cute cute cut you could have some fun I
mean yeah the possibilities are endless
with this cute little guy keeping him
just realistic or having some super fun
making him fun and cartoony well thank
you guys so much for joining me in this
video and until next time god bless you
guys and we'll see you later
buh-bye